Add `MWC 7K 2024` news post, wiki article (#10646)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-12-14-osu-mania-7k-world-cup-2024-registrations-now-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024: Registrations Now Open!"
date: 2023-12-14 15:00:00 +0000
---

Winter season has arrived, and so has the first 2024 osu! World Cup, but this time with a twist!

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K/img/mwc7k2024-banner.jpg)

> After witnessing the amazing close to the 2023 tournament season with the osu! World Cup (for which we have an awesome recap that you can read [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-12-10-osu-world-cup-2023-concludes), if you didn't already), it's time to kick off 2024 with key smashing of the 7 key variety.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After witnessing the amazing close to the 2023 tournament season with the osu! World Cup (for which we have an awesome recap that you can read [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-12-10-osu-world-cup-2023-concludes), if you didn't already), it's time to kick off 2024 with key smashing of the 7-key variety.
```

> Seeing the amazing player turnout for last year's 7K MWC, we have decided to expand the tournament format to have **24 teams** going out of the qualifier stage instead of the usual 16. This means that the tournament will have one extra week (which also makes it have the same duration as the other World Cups), and that the top 8 teams from the bracket get one week off after the qualifiers in the form of a bye.

Reviewer: more variety compared to previous paragraph

```suggestion
Last year's turnout for 7K MWC was huge. So much so, that we have decided to expand the tournament format to have **24 teams** going out of the Qualifier stage instead of the usual 16. This means the tournament will have one extra week (making it the same duration as the other World Cups), and the top 8 teams from the bracket get one week off after the Qualifiers in the form of a bye.
```

The new stage will look like so:

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K/img/mwc7k2024-bracket.png)

That's not all as far as changes go. 7K MWC will use the 2023's 4K MWC protects for the ban phase, giving teams an extra layer of strategy to play with.

As always, for more details pertaining to the tournament, refer to the **[osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024 wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K)**. You can also discuss this event in the **[official discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1857033)** or the public **[community server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H)**.

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | Dec 15 (00:00 UTC) – Dec 28 (23:59 UTC) |

> | Qualifier showcase | Jan 8 (14:00 UTC) |

Reviewer: wiki says jan 7

Author: Wiki is correct

| Qualifier stage | Jan 13 & Jan 14 |
| Round of 24 | Jan 20 & Jan 21 |
| Round of 16 | Jan 27 & Jan 28 |
| Quarterfinals | Feb 3 & Feb 4 |
| Semifinals | Feb 10 & Feb 11 |
| Finals | Feb 17 & Feb 18 |
| Grand Finals | Feb 24 & Feb 25 |

## Prizes

> The osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024 offers a $1,200 prize pool, along with limited edition merch!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024 offers a $1,200 prize pool, along with limited-edition merch!
```
